Before starting make sure you have python3 and zip installed.
Script only works for MT67xx processors.

Generating stock logo.bin for Begonia:
No special instructions, just execute the script by typing ./generate in terminal and choose logo signing (Important else the phone will get bricked)

Generating customized logo.bin for Begonia:
I have already mentioned that even if you change a single image, you get a brick, though you are free to experiment with the script and your device,
reach out to me if you successfully create a custom one.

Generating stock logo.bin for another device:
1. Go to gitlab.com/mtk-watch, navigate to proprietary/bootable/bootloader/lk/dev/logo
2. There will be many folders with name such as xvga, you need to find right name for your device's resolution, for example, fhdplus (Resolution name) is 1080x2160
(Note: Your device's resolution might not match with any of the specified ones, just use the resolution closest to your device's resolution, like begonia is 1080x2340
but uses fhdplus)
3. Download the images and put them in images folder
4. The images are from MTK and different from the final logo.bin your device uses, for extracting the stock images, you make refer to this tool: https://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1953726
5. Take the proprietary extracted images and convert them into 32bit BMP A8R8G8B8 format (leave alone the images which look identical to the ones you downloaded)
6. There will be numbering on the extracted images, for example, img1 = first image in the script (*_uboot.bmp) rename the extracted images accordingly and replace existing ones with them
7. Now check if your device has extra features like wireless charging and fast charging
8. In the generate script, set f variable as whatever your resolution is (like wvga) remove the lines which refer to fast charging if your device doesn't support it
or add wireless charging if it supports wireless charging, make sure you add wireless charging lines after fast charging. changing order can result in a brick. Edit
further commands accordingly.
9. Normally run the script and DO NOT sign the logo as the certificates are by Xiaomi for begonia, your device most probably doesn't need certificates or signing.

Generating customized logo.bin for another device:
1. Follow the same procedure as stock one
2. Replace the images with whatever you like (Most devices use the *_kernel.bmp as fastboot and *_uboot.bmp as boot splash) make sure you use BMP 32bit A8R8G8B8 format
3. Run the script
4. Profit or brick

*your device's resolution name



